======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ers was a great feeling to be so close and yet so far. In this moment you truly are one of them, because they understand you have their back no matter what your position may be. You dont have to be perfect to be a human being; you just have to be human. Altogether the simple thought that is needed to achieve anything and connect with incredible people for the rest of your life is simply:
A fire was blazing within my eyes as I watched the ball drop as the clocks struck midnight bringing forth life into the world of today. I was holding on for dear life as the old timers began to joke about what this victory will mean for humanity in the long run. Suddenly the jubilation of victory washed over me leaving me with a mix of happiness and confusion. At this time for myself I had just unlocked this powerful mindset from within over my last two semesters. I had also lost 15 pounds since my last diet and exercise plan. What had happened? What had I been smoking? How could I possibly have achieved what I had while maintaining my sanity? The first thought that came to mind was to to to to to google everything I had done to progress so far and to fully understand the complexities of every single problem that comes our way. This led me to the Internet, which I had started in 2011 with an intense curiosity as to what its like to be on the other end of a computer algorithm. Though this started as a hobby for myself I had since branched out into full time study of computer science and had created intricate models for things such as image processing, image classification, clustering, kernel crunching, and kernel training. None of this could have been done without understanding how complex systems worked and what they actually did. After completing my last exam on Tuesday of the first week of May I had passed with flying colors. 
The following day I had an early flight to New Orleans for my graduation ceremony, which May held to formally end my college career. This was the time for me because I had just unlocked this exact mindset from within over my last two semesters. In these moments I was ready to step foot into the real world and start a real career in tech support. 
The fact that I had accomplished all of this while holding a Bachelors in Computer Science and a Masters in Engineering did not sit quite well with myself. I had become so used to sleeping through lectures and practices for skills in which I was now late I felt as if I had lost progress. What I had done on top of all of this lay at the core of everything I had become and this could only be described as genius. None of this could have been accomplished by doing what I was told, so I would stick with the methods that worked for me in my mind until they were no longer worked for me. This included staying up all night to create complex systems, long hours in which I focused intently on systems and algorithms, and countless hours of reading and studying of books on artificial intelligence and computer science. 
The secret behind these systems was that they were not born with these abilities, but rather evolved over time through a process of accumulation. As time went on and my problems began to be solved, such as they may be, the system seemed to gain more and more intelligence until it finally became the master of its domain. This process is believed to exist because every time a problem is solved there is an inherent reward in knowing that they did their best to stay ahead of the curve. In other words, the system was never truly bored, only content with doing what it was told and never thinking for what may be better. 
The first thought that usually enters a computer programmer's mind is to to to to to to to create code which at this point looks to him or her as if it were written for another human being. This is no more than a glorified statement of fact; the language used is that of another language, the syntax is that of another language, and the overall feel is that of another conversation. Though this statement may bring forth cold feelings for some, it allows for a window into the minds of these programmers which may be compared to that of a human on a date. In this moment the relationship which we have built with our programming language, the syntax, and the ease of use of another human being is reflected back onto us. We are complimented on our hard work and internally we hope to constantly prove that we are on the right track, because this will allow us to ignore the shortcomings of the world around us and operate in a manner never before known. 
The truth is that in the process of solving these complex systems for all intents and purposes they are simply solving probabilistic systems, solving quadratic equations in which every possible combination of numbers is represented. This is no more than another form of evolution, a process which has occurred over millions of years with subtle variations spanning from speci to simple to complex to master and then to move on without understanding what they really did. For some reason this
