======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I are a highly technical, yet very human, being. This requires constant, almost obsessive attention to every detail as I go about my days. I know this is not where I would like to be or how I may want to be, but it is what I find necessary to provide the products I post on to prove I am who I say I am. This often causes me to stray from the path I have chosen to prove who I am, getting sucked back into the world of technicalities and tediousness.


All of this along with fading inspiration with Lingco due to realization through the design process of the limitation of entering the Educational space and the talk from Seth of us turning this into a full career in lieu of my newly accepted Job offer, had begun to hamper the happiness which I had built over the past 9 months. Along with this Lingco was accepted to appear as a presenter at the large Collision Conference in New Orleans the second week of May, something that at first excited me but now occupied the rest of the week following my graduation in which I would have preferred to decompress. This had all allowed me to subconsciously start to carry an onset of disbelief in the whole concept, which to this day I do not know if it was valid. Deep into this whirlwind of a month a simple request from Seth sent me over the edge which was so menial that I cannot remember it in fullness. None the less for all of the reasons stated above this provoked me to put together a resignation message and meeting to Seth in a very respectful manner. To be completely transparent, at the time my intentions were to completely severe my ties with the company, which may have been an emotion filled errata of the time when looking back. The results turned out to be much less extreme than I had imagined and the handling of this by Seth speaks to his great potential as a company leader. We met that day prior to the interview for the accelerator program we had hoped to be accepted for that summer. I had expected him to be defensive as me leaving the company threatened its very existence, due to the plans for high tech features which only existed in my head at the time. Rather than get upset or beg me to stay, he very diplomatically asked me if up to me where do I want to see myself in the company. The ball in my court now, I felt obligated to negotiate a new understanding rather than simply leaving due to the instant respect I gained for his understanding. This would allow me, while losing some equity, to define a fully technical role in which I was responsible for basically all of the Research and development for the platforms features and would not be required to drop everything else and make this my full time job. I would no longer be a co-founder, but would hold the title for investment purposes. I have yet to see the loss of equity bear any effect on myself, and knowing what experiences staying with Lingco would bring me now, this stalemate would end up a grand victory for all involved. Our meeting ended with a friendly tone still in-tact as we entered our interview, where both of us would act as if nothing had happened 5 minutes ago; recognizing each others expertise and potential. We had not talked much over the past few weeks due to our mutual respect for each others abilities, but I can tell you this was not intended. We had met at the same conference as a group of like minds, where I had invited him to apply my highly technical skills to some problem solving. We had not discussed any specific plans, but I can tell you this was not a good feeling for me to be returned to where I knew I would be spending most of my time. We met that day prior to the interview for the accelerator program we had hoped to be accepted for that summer. I had expected him to be defensive as me leaving the company threatened its very existence, due to the plans for high tech features which only existed in my head at the time. Rather than get upset or beg me to stay, he very diplomatically asked me if up to me where do I want to see myself in the company. The ball in my court now, I felt obligated to negotiate a new understanding rather than simply leaving due to the instant respect I gained for his understanding. This would allow me, while losing some equity, to define a fully technical role in which I was responsible for basically all of the Research and development for the platforms features and would not be required to drop everything else and make this my full time job. I would no longer be a co-founder, but would hold the title for investment purposes.

The summer would come to a close with a great number of fun challenges ahead of me. With a team of strong minds I would be tasked with creating a system to segment text using Neural Networks. The challenge with this was that creating complex systems by hand would become tedious and error prone as the complexity of the texts increased. With these fears behind me I created an algorithm which I have yet to see used, but probably should be used either
