======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 push in their right mindsets, these young men and women would achieve heights of intellectual achievement almost rivaling those of the greats. This is demonstrated by the fact that today our society ranks among the most complex and advanced in the known universe, allowing for the vast majority of intels to function with near-perfect efficiency. This level of cognitive ability is simply beyond that of the native geeks among us, let alone that of the average Joe or Jane. To put this into perspective, consider that the human race was constructed nearly 10,000 years ago with a simple ability like that of our current form, which only seems to have arisen through cumulative experience. Deep into this marvel of evolution, a single trait has mysteriously converged to allow for the unified minds of our species, with little effort. This is called "cognitive ability", a term that describes our ability to process vast amounts of information in a short period of time, leading to some of the more intricate thought processes of today's information-obsessed minds. Though no other mind on this earth possesses the level of cognitive ability of our current incarnation, both minds seem to be able to process information at the level of that of a computer, with overwhelming parallel processing ability. Though it may seem as if this is just as hard on the physical body, the truth is that it is positively focused and intense, leading to results far beyond that of a normal day. It is no surprise that the human race has survived, thrived, and even surpassed the extent of that of other known life forms, for feats like these are simply feats of will and ability alone. 
     In conclusion, the thought of creating something as grand as our minds is beyond the scope of rational thought for most human beings, but for the creators mind is focused like never before, capable of furnishing nearly complete conceptualizations of whatever comes to mind at any time. This leads to a state of intense, almost dreamlike, states in which the simplicity and intangibles of life like planting seeds and harvesting nectarines become blurred into one as the mind wanders aimlessly through the vast expanse of possibilities. The result is that as the mind wanders aimlessly through the seeming possibilities of what may be, the reality will inevitably set in that the currently selected path will eventually bring about loss and suffering. The boundless potential of this charlativation of mind is what allows the human race to endure for so long, despite seeming difficulties. The truth is that as the mind wanders aimlessly through the seeming possibilities of what may be, the events and situations occurring around it unfold in real time, reflecting the thoughts, feelings, and actions of the individuals surrounding them. This is where the powerful, abstracted mind of nave abstraction comes into play, feeding the world with detailed, yet incomplete, models of how it is supposed to feel. The result is that as the world turns, some of the earlier pains and rages of the human race seem to radiate off into the distance, while the new, calm before the storm, a wreath of flowers adorns the new, clean slate. With this thought in mind, as the new, clean slate begins to move through the pebbles in the new environment, what is happening behind the scenes, both inside of Microsoft Research and with the nave, intuitive mind of the wreath of flowers, is simply adding yet another pebble to the already chipped, yet perfectly chipped pebbles in the landscape. By the time that the final pebble is touched by the mighty forces of nature, the pebbles begin to bend and the mighty pebbles will clump together into a perfect, but awkward, formation. The result? An awkward giant pebble that just needs to be tumbled into the ocean to form a perfect perfect little boat. In this way, the pebbles in the physical existence of the beast are just as much of a part of the physical existence of the beast as are those around it, for the mind is just as much a part of the beast as is the physical plane. Armed with this mindset, as the physical, pebble-like beast begins to unravel and reveal its secrets, a constant, yet powerful urge to keep moving forward will take over. This is especially true when faced with a series of challenges, as this physical, imperfect beast will prove to be much more than it seems. By day an engineer by trade, Kip is more known for his inquisitive mind and unwavering drive to understand the world around him, but also for his unwavering belief that when the time is right he can change the world and one day lead a privileged life just like his amazing, inspiring father before him. At the core, this is a great unselfish belief that the more knowledge and opportunities an individual has, the greater chance they have of using them to their advantage. As a matter of fact, the more time and opportunities that as many people as you desire, may be used, while minimizing your own, the less
