======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 with the feeling I had somehow miraculously made it all loop back to where I started. It was during this day and age that I must have been mistaken for a super genius, for I received nearly universal compliments on how I was holding the formalities of my research together. While most of the students were not as impressed as I was with the content of the first workshop, the instructor was able to bring it back and repeat the process as many times as I needed to perfect my material. The third and final time around, I gave a good performance in the small class of 20 students, which brought the total to just over 30% of the class. This resulted in a formal announcement from MIT that I had passed the class, although the content was not taught. On the day following this announcement I would receive my final exam scorecard along with many thanks for all the help I had brought into the semester. On the day before the final exam, which would be on Saturday, May the 4th, I would be handing out fliers in the courtyards of the MIT campus. A group of friends and I were able to secure a spot on the first floor of the renovated building and enjoyed a much-liked conversation with Seth about the future of Artificial Intelligence. We discussed how to implement this into our own systems and how to get started. Seth boasted of his own system that could create magazine covers in minutes out of nothing but the wrong tools. I proudly proclaimed:) The room went silent as I left, with many in my row leaving with new ideas and skills to inspire. As I neared the airport I was running low on funds for my trip, so to finish off the day I thanked Seth for allowing me to use his system to commit to this summer. We met at the airport the next day and discussed the next steps of our meeting. Should I book a ticket or not?, he advised, because even though I did not earn my money from Harvard, I knew it was going to help me get to where I was going and that I was very much involved in the program. I would be driving to the airport the next day, full of energy, so as to be able to announce my intent to join the program the next day. 

The next day I rushed back to East Lansing for my graduation ceremony, which just seemed like another day for me. On Saturday, May the 4th, I would spend my day with my family and on Sunday I would spend with Seth and Reuben as I watched the boats leave. On Monday, May the 4th, I would get to work with the now-athletic Reuben who I had chosen as my mentor. I had decided to turn this into a full time job because I knew it could help me boost my self-esteem and inspire curiosity in my new fellow Hoosiers. That day I tried out some of the new tools I had access to in my new job, a process I had gone through at MSU earlier in the semester. That day I also got the chance to hear a talk from Daniel Suarez, an Associate Professor in the College of Engineering and one of the brightest students I had ever introduced to engineering. He discussed his journey from being a callow child playing in the backyard with his dad to being an invited speaker at the conference. He emphasized the importance of finding interest in topics such as this in your career, because finding interest in them will enable you to absorb information at a rate based on experience rather than on the topics you are told in your career. In short no matter how much you hate math you must learn to love math if you want to get into the tech industry. This was more true than ever after handing it over to Reuben for a moment. After he explained this to me I now understood why so many people in my generation were drawn to this field, because it allowed me to see firsthand how much more I could do with my engineering knowledge under the tutelage of someone who was as curious as they were talented. I was also introduced to someone whom I think is destined to be a great scientist and technology thinker, which gave me even more inspiration for what I was doing and allowed me to put it into practice. After completing my last exam on Tuesday of the first week of May 2018, I was almost ready to leave, but was stopped along the way by an inspirational fellow named Ian. He would book me a plane ticket to Chicago for my graduation from May the 4th onwards, which was supposed to be July the 1st. It would be July before I got my diploma, and even before that I was terrified to walk into a room full of people because I knew what I had missed out on. That being said I was honored to be accepted to participate in this year's Internship Program, which offered me the opportunity to stay in the Mid-Hudson Valley and work with the now-formidable engineering team at Lingco post graduation. I was fortunate enough to be accepted to apply to the full-fledged interview for an engineering position,
