======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 minutes) of research on the inner workings of this product or service I would spin up an in depth understanding of this new tool or process I had stumbled across. After completing my last exam on Tuesday of the first week of May 2018, I was walking towards my car with a smile on my face as I hit the highway the next day. 

I would not see my car for the entire trip to Michigan, as I had to jump in the car someplace for the autograph session of the rapper Ludacris. This was my last day of classes as I had everything It felt I could ever want or need prepare me for what the summer had to come. Writing my last two exams on Wednesday of the third week of May I felt more ready than ever for what the summer had to come. 

With a passion I had known since I was a toddler, boiling over in my mind was the thought of every single one of my best friends sitting through my mistakes and helping me get over them. That was what had driven me to become so comfortable with my abilities that I was surprised no one noticed I had lost my driving ability due to my chronic use of the car simulator. With my last day of classes looming ever closer I felt like I really deserved to spend the day with my friends and celebrate what we had accomplished. When I got to my car my first thought was to to check to make sure my car was in good condition, something I had done twice already. After getting out of the car I set about to put everything in order to make sure my last day of college was a good day for all involved. Making sure my notes on machine learning were complete, I paid close attention to the videos we had watched a hundred times to make sure they were the same as the one I had watched the first time. After making sure my car was in good condition I went back to my room to read a book for the rest of the day. While I had not decided to write a book just yet, with the encouragement of my friend Jacob I had picked up the pace and been able to write a detailed description of the algorithms I had learned and the applications of them in the book. With the encouragement of my friend, I was even more vocal in the coming conversations about the concepts I had learned in the course and how I should continue to go about learning them. My efforts at communicating this to the class of 2020 would yield encouraging comments and responses from them as the semester went on. During this time, I also worked on quite a noble and inspiring competition in the ML community I fore mentioned. This would pick up speed in late April or early May as I set out to perfect the algorithms I had built and would run on a Macbook proket with 4gb of VRAM (For the geeks out there this was the same age as me and yet I was still learning this new thing). I would finish the semester with a great feeling accomplishment for everything I had done and would do so by excelling in class. At the same time, I was enjoying a great deal of time with my friends as I continued to write and teach myself to know more than ever. 

Throughout the month of May I would spend my days working on my Machine Learning program which I would christen GANs. Generative Adversarial Networks were a highly complex form of deep learning which saw use in image recognition and segmentation of speech recognition. The complexity of this problem quickly became apparent to me as I went about my day, as did the fact that I had to create my own GPU code to run on my Macbook. Coding this thing was a full time job for me, and although I enjoyed spending my days solving these problems I always felt as if I was working with the software I was programming in my head. The end of the month would bring me to my final semester of college, which I had started last Friday with a renewed energy and determination I had not known existed. At the same time a formal recruitment program started at the Apple Store in Lansing. I would not enter this semester expecting to solve AI problems, but rather to learn how to bring them into the world. I would start with the simplest tasks like segmenting Nuclei of infectious cells, which was something that my technical writing background would allow me to achieve with ease. As time went on I would begin to create more complex models and programs to explore the multitudes of ideas contained in the book. Finally, in the spring I would create a working model of a Ship, which I named after the concept the computer science major I was studying, which I would show to the class in-person. Many in the class were charmed by the concept and would encourage me to keep learning how to make it even better. At the same time, I would be working on quite a noble and inspiring competition in the ML community I had come to dominate. This competition would pick up speed in the summer as I would prove to the world that AI was possible and that students like myself were capable of
