======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the form of my future self, as well as another aspiring writer named Alex. While Seth was far from an exciting prospect on paper, when you actually looked at him from the outside he looked almost exactly like the future I had in mind. We were both stocky, had a goatee, and a buzz cut which hid much of the manly features which would come to define me during this past 8 months. Neither of us showed much promise, and from what I had gathered from studying business and engineering some combination of the two might have been considered useless skills. The thing which stood out most to me during this time was the fact that despite our similar looks and experiences Seth had achieved much more than myself in just 6 months. I had achieved something even greater than myself in the space of 6 months, when I looked back at the months leading up to my last day of classes and knew that regardless of how hard I worked or what friends I had, I would never be able to call myself an engineer or a computer scientist. 

I spent the next day with my family and reflected on the journey I had completed and what it set me on, now knowing that what I had achieved was nothing compared to what I had once hoped to be. Looking back, I had graduated with a 3.5 GPA with a degree in Applied engineering, well above the 2.7 average that many of my friends were part of. Throughout my four years I never truly struggled or even had to stay up to study for more than a few hours. I had also only gone through 3/4s of a whole notebook in all 4 years. My last two semesters, in which I was now academically interested in science and Math I had held a 4.0 in every class, leading me to believe that if I had this inspiration in my earlier years, I may have been able to hold a 4.0 across the board. I now held immense interest in the courses which during my younger, frat boy years, were simple obstacles which I held second to my social life and still maintained good performance. This does bring back some feelings of regret, that I didnt embrace this information during these years, but also the realization that Universities could benefit from inspiring this interest in students like me. None the less through this reflection I realized that finding interest in these topics on our own account is much more powerful than when it is forced upon us, as it enables us to absorb information at a rate based on our own internal rewards. In short no time is to be spent on the things we wish not to hear, so to the beat of our own drum we choose to absorb the information to the level of dedication we may wish. Armed with this forward thinking mentality I was ready to step foot into the real world, starting with a summer which would be filled with more experience than I could ever have known possible.

Because my big leap into corporate America would not happen until mid-August, I had a whole summer ahead of me once more. This time rather than sitting through an internship I would be guiding my own ship. I elected to continue working with Apple for the time being with increased hours to keep up with the bills. The immense amount of time and freedom I would have would also allow me to truly focus on my work with Lingco and AI interest as a whole. 

The irony of the initial tasks that we worked on with Lingco were quite profound given my accelerated career in computer science. With some funding from the accelerator program we had been accepted into we set out to hire an intern for the summer. For these interviews I would lead the technical sections, which was very ironic considering I was trying my hardest to be an interviewee myself in the greater market. What stuck out most to me during these interviews was the fact that candidates from top schools with studies in computer science would struggle with problems that Seth and myself found simple that I had put together. My takeaway from this is that there is an inherent mindset that must be present in any individual who hopes to scale the heights of possibilities in computer science regardless of educational background. In other words CS is not something that can just be taught to a large group deeming them all qualified and ready for the world, but requires an intense problem solving mindset outside of computers and the belief that the answer is always possible. 

Throughout the month of May I would run on a pretty intense schedule in which I would carve out time to work with the now team at Lingco post the hiring of our intern. Typically I would work 5 hour shifts with Apple either from 11-5, or 3-9 with the full time days of 8-5 sprinkled in here in there. On the earliest-late days I would be the first in the Lingco section of the MSU hatch and on the full days I would be the last to leave. At times this schedule did seem grueling, especially when I would use every minute of my apple lunch breaks to continue the algorithms I had worked on prior. The overarching feeling of time wasted would set
