======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 arrived to pick our students up from the Career fair on the Monday night. With the whole week ahead of us we made the hard decision to cancel our Monday night adventure to stay at the cottage and finish the weekend. We would not be rushing back to the airport the next day as we had planned, as we would want to catch the last train out of town before heading to the CSA. With the last train leaving from Portland the next morning we made the hike under the hot Portland and the mud to the nearest doctor. Having only scratched the surface of the many opportunities this would bring us, we quickly found a full-time job in the technology sector with NVIDIA . Our first day at the new job began with an in-house training session to prepare us for the grind of the new job. Our first real day of the week would bring with it more experience than we could have known possible, as well as more money to burn. 

Our first day at the new job would bring with it more experience than we could have known possible, as well as more money to burn. We had a fully immersive, job interview conducted by an interviewee known for asking tough questions and the promise of a great job opportunity. Though we did not hit the level of talent we were promised, we did receive a detailed answer to every question and did complete a structured interview which included a skills challenge and an online personality test. The next day we would take our newly acquired skills and new found confidence and run for our lives as our manager yelled "Go hire that fresh-faced computer scientist from Columbia!" into our laptop speaker. 

Our luck would run out the moment we stepped foot into a cubicle with a computer science major on campus. Unable to hide our disappointment as we discovered the exact same track record as everyone else, he would make sure to point this out to the class clowns. Somewhere in the back of our minds we knew that this was not going to be a great day, but our collective hope showed us that this is not the case. As the giant pile of work we had planned for the weekend rolled in, the class of '17 members began to get to know one another better, and though this was mostly thanks to our shared love of learning, it also allowed us to hone in on a commonality in the offerings of both the prior and present weeks. As the weeks went by we would find more and more common ground in our endeavors, as well as those of our friends which carried with them offers in the form of jobs in the technology industry. In short, everyone we knew found us incredibly valuable and we were blessed to receive their regards in return. 

The months went by as we enjoyed the fruits of our labor in the forms of knowledge, well deserved raises for our hard work, and most importantly the assurance that our hard work would be rewarded. When the trading deadline loomed closer we knew that we were going to have to knock it out of the park. In order to do so we would head to the airport for an exciting flight to a new job hunt. In lieu of this last minute dash to the airport we would find inspiration in the perfectly placed speakers as we waited for the next train. As we waited a panel discussion of the upcoming job hunt would ensue which provided us with great material to learn and push us to think outside of the box. As the plane touched down we enjoyed an early morning flight to Phoenix where we would spend the next few days with my wife and family. 

The first days of the new year would bring with them a flurry of activity as we juggled work, play, and travel. I enjoyed both sides of these activities immensely, for I found it incredibly motivating to see how others were doing with these skills we so carefully selected. As we found our feet in the real world, I added in on the side projects as well as the activities with darting our fingers through the aisles of the computer science lab. It was during this time that I began to gain more and more confidence in the abilities of these new graduates, for in these first few weeks we would be refining these skills in a classroom setting, alongside industry leaders and venture capitalists. In short order, these leaders and investors would provide valuable insight into this rapidly changing technology and the people which made it possible. As the months went by I would continue to gain more and more insight as to which cities these leaders and investors visited, what drove them there and how these teams could be more efficient. 

By the end of February I was now a part of a larger, well-funded, and somewhat controversial community than I had ever been part of before. I was privileged to take part in an online discussion group at the Apple store in Lansing, a discussion which would later lead to purchase of a final product from them. This was a weekly call in which I would moderate which would allow for investors and advisors to ask questions of the candidates as to what drove them to the app or the future. The great thing about this was that
